LZARDS workflow task doc (#2596)
nasa/cumulus: docs/workflow_tasks/lzards_backup.md

---
id: lzards_backup
title: LZARDS Backup
hide_title: false
---

The LZARDS backup task takes an array of granules and initiates backup requests to the LZARDS API, which will be handled asynchronously by LZARDS.

## Deployment

The LZARDS backup task is not automatically deployed with Cumulus. Rather, in order to deploy the task through the Cumulus module, you must specify a `lzards_launchpad_passphrase` in your terraform variables. Additionally, ensure that you are passing that variable by ensuring that the Cumulus module has the following input value configuration:

```
lzards_launchpad_passphrase  = var.<launchpad_passphrase_variable_name>

> ```

Reviewer: I would suggest these changes to make it a bit more clear:

The LZARDS backup task is not automatically deployed with Cumulus. To deploy the task through the Cumulus module, first you must specify a `lzards_launchpad_passphrase` in your terraform variables (e.g. `variables.tf`) like so:

```
variable "lzards_launchpad_passphrase" {
  type    = string
  default = ""
}
```

Then you can specify a value for your `lzards_launchpad_passphrase` in `terraform.tfvars` like so:

```
lzards_launchpad_passphrase = your-passphrase
```

Lastly, you need to make sure that the `lzards_launchpad_passphrase` is passed into the Cumulus module (in `main.tf`) like so:

```
lzards_launchpad_passphrase  = var.lzards_launchpad_passphrase
```

In short, deploying the LZARDS task requires configuring a passphrase and ensuring that your TF configuration passes that variable into the Cumulus module.

> Additional terraform configuration for the LZARDS task can be found in the Cumulus `ingest` module's `variables.tf`, where the the relevant variables are prefixed with `lzards_`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional terraform configuration for the LZARDS task can be found in the [`cumulus` module's `variables.tf` file,](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/blob/master/tf-modules/cumulus/variables.tf) where the the relevant variables are prefixed with `lzards_`. You can add these variables to your deployment using the same process outlined above for `lzards_launchpad_passphrase`. 
```

They should be referring to the values that the `cumulus` module supports, not `ingest` I think because not all values supported by `ingest` may be supported by `cumulus`. Plus, the only module they're using directly is `cumulus`
